Revert `rootful` agent images again (#4683)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/src/pages/migrations.md

#### Rootless images

The `server` and `cli` images now use a non-privileged user (`woodpecker`) by default.
If you have volume mounts attached to containers, you might need to update the ownership of these directories from `root` to `woodpecker`.

:::note

> The agent image has to stay rootful by default to be able to mount the `docker.sock` for VM deployments of Woodpecker.

Reviewer: This wording is a bit confusing. VM or bare-metal or whatever doesn't matter here. The point is, if the agent is used for the `docker` backend (which is the default) it always needs access to the socket.

Author: "default" is what the admin deploys. But yes, referring to the backend name makes more sense.

#### Rootless images

The `server` and `cli` images now use a non-privileged user (`woodpecker`) by default.
If you have volume mounts attached to containers, you might need to update the ownership of these directories from `root` to `woodpecker`.

:::note

> The agent image has to stay rootful by default to be able to mount the `docker.sock` when running WP with the "docker" backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent image must remain rootful by default to be able to mount the Docker socket when Woodpecker is used with the `docker` backend.
```

> The helm chart will start to use a non-privileged user through `securityContext`.
> Running an entirely rootless agent with the "docker" backend is possibly achievable by using a rootless docker daemon.
> Yet this needs proper testing and documentation first and is something for future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The helm chart will start to use a non-privileged user by utilizing `securityContext`.
Running a completely rootless agent with the `docker` backend may be possible by using a rootless docker daemon.
However, this requires more work and is currently not supported..
```
